readme.md, before:

# Pandoc Academic Plugin for Sublime Text 2 #

A [Sublime Text 2](http://www.sublimetext.com/2) plugin to handle [Pandoc](http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/).
The plugin proposes:

- a syntax highlighting tool associated with two dark color themes,
- different snippets to quickly add Pandoc functions
- a convertion tool to transform a Pandoc file to HTML, DocX, PDF and Beamer documents.

Based on the [Pandoc Render pluging](https://github.com/jclement/SublimePandoc).


## Installation ##

For the moment, the plugin is not available in the Sublime Text package manager.

To install the plugin, download the latest version from Github and copy the folder into your Sublime Text 2 Packages folder.
(for instance in Linux: ~/.config/sublime-text-2/Packages).

~~~~~~~~~~~~~ {#mycode .sh}
$ git clone git://github.com/larlequin/Pandoc-Academic-Plugin.git
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


## Dependencies ##

You need to have a working installation of [Pandoc](http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/).


## Available Commands ##

### Syntax and color scheme ###

You can select the syntax for a markdown file (Pandoc) in the Menu: View > Syntax > Pandoc.
This syntax should be selected to make the conversion menu available.

The compatible color schemes are available in the Menu: Preference > Color Scheme > Pandoc > ColorScheme.

### Conversion ###

Conversions are available in the Menu: Tools > Pandoc Convert (only if pandoc is defined as syntax).
You can convert a Pandoc file to:

- HTML with automatic web browser viewing
- HTML without automatic viewing
- DocX
- PDF
- Beamer

### Snippets ###

*Generic snippets:*

- co + tabulation  = snippet to add a comment (HTML format)
- bo + tabulation  = snippet to add bold text in Pandoc/Markdown (**)
- it + tabulation  = snippet to add italic text in Pandoc/Markdown (*)
- link + tabulation= snippet to add a web link in Pandoc/Markdown

*Figures and Tables:*

- img + tabulation = snippet to add a picture in Pandoc
- tab + tabulation = snippet to add a table from a file and its title (as for an article)

*Citation/bibliography snippets:*

- ci + tabulation  = snippet to add a citation in brackets [text? @citationkey]
- bib + tabulation = add the \[\[BIB]] option to the current file

*Mathematic snippets:*

- mat + tabulation = snippet to add mathematics based on LaTeX style
- pow + tabulation = snippet to add the eta squared symbol

*Other snippets:*

- not + tabulation = add a footnote
- toc + tabulation = add the \[\[TOC]] option to the current file
- temp + tabulation= add the \[\[DOCSYTLE=name]] option to the current file
- head + tabulation= add the \[\[HEADER]] option to the current file

## Pandoc Options ##

The following hints can be added in your document to flip on additional features in Pandoc:

- **\<!-- \[\[TOC]] -->**: Add a Table of Contents to the top of your output document.
- **\<!-- \[\[NUM]] -->**: Turn on numbering of sections.
- **\<!-- \[\[BIB]] -->**: Add the bibliography option to handle citation and reference (@citationkey). The bibliography file should have the same name than the pandoc file.
- **\<!-- \[\[BIBSTYLE=name]] -->**: Specify a csl bibliography style
- **\<!-- \[\[DOCSTYLE=name]] -->**: Specify a template for the convertion to HTML or DOCX or theme in Beamer
- **\<!-- \[\[HEADER]] -->**: Add the option to add a custom header for the convertion to Beamer (the file should be in the same directory than the pandoc file)


*Note:* these hints are processed by the plugin and are NOT part of Pandoc itself.


## Templates ##

The Templates could be found in the "Styles" folder in the Pandoc plugin folder (in the package folder of Sublime Text).
The version comes with a standard html and docx template (from the Pandoc Render plugin) and with an APA guideline DOCX template.

Commit message:

Add shortcuts and update readme

readme.md, after:

# Pandoc Academic Plugin for Sublime Text 2 #

A [Sublime Text 2](http://www.sublimetext.com/2) plugin to handle [Pandoc](http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/).
The plugin proposes:

- a syntax highlighting tool associated with two dark color themes,
- different snippets to quickly add Pandoc functions
- a convertion tool to transform a Pandoc file to HTML, DocX, PDF and Beamer documents.

Based on the [Pandoc Render pluging](https://github.com/jclement/SublimePandoc).


## Installation ##

The easiest way to install the package is to use the [package control manager](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control).
Go to Preferences > Package Control > Install Package and search for "Pandoc Academic".

You can also install the plugin manually. Download the latest version from Github and copy the folder into your Sublime Text 2 Packages folder.
(for instance in Linux: ~/.config/sublime-text-2/Packages).

~~~~~~~~~~~~~ {#mycode .sh}
$ git clone git://github.com/larlequin/Pandoc-Academic-Plugin.git
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


## Dependencies ##

You need to have a working installation of [Pandoc](http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/).


## Available Commands ##

### Syntax and color scheme ###

You can select the syntax for a markdown file (Pandoc) in the Menu: View > Syntax > Pandoc.
This syntax should be selected to make the conversion menu available.

The compatible color schemes are available in the Menu: Preferences > Color Scheme > Pandoc > ColorScheme.

### Conversion ###

Conversions are available in the Menu: Tools > Pandoc Convert (only if pandoc is defined as syntax).
You can convert a Pandoc file to:

- HTML with automatic web browser viewing
- HTML without automatic viewing
- DocX
- PDF
- Beamer

You can also use key shortcuts to launch the conversions:

- HTML with automatic web browser viewing >   *CTL+ALT+r*
- HTML without automatic viewing          >   *CTL+ALT+h*
- DocX                                    >   *CTL+ALT+d*
- PDF                                     >   *CTL+ALT+p*
- Beamer                                  >   *CTL+ALT+b*


### Snippets ###

*Generic snippets:*

- co + tabulation  = snippet to add a comment (HTML format)
- bo + tabulation  = snippet to add bold text in Pandoc/Markdown (**)
- it + tabulation  = snippet to add italic text in Pandoc/Markdown (*)
- link + tabulation= snippet to add a web link in Pandoc/Markdown

*Figures and Tables:*

- img + tabulation = snippet to add a picture in Pandoc
- tab + tabulation = snippet to add a table from a file and its title (as for an article)

*Citation/bibliography snippets:*

- ci + tabulation  = snippet to add a citation in brackets [text? @citationkey]
- bib + tabulation = add the \[\[BIB]] option to the current file

*Mathematic snippets:*

- mat + tabulation = snippet to add mathematics based on LaTeX style
- pow + tabulation = snippet to add the eta squared symbol

*Other snippets:*

- not + tabulation = add a footnote
- toc + tabulation = add the \[\[TOC]] option to the current file
- temp + tabulation= add the \[\[DOCSYTLE=name]] option to the current file
- head + tabulation= add the \[\[HEADER]] option to the current file

## Pandoc Options ##

The following hints can be added in your document to flip on additional features in Pandoc:

- **\<!-- \[\[TOC]] -->**: Add a Table of Contents to the top of your output document.
- **\<!-- \[\[NUM]] -->**: Turn on numbering of sections.
- **\<!-- \[\[BIB]] -->**: Add the bibliography option to handle citation and reference (@citationkey). The bibliography file should have the same name than the pandoc file.
- **\<!-- \[\[BIBSTYLE=name]] -->**: Specify a csl bibliography style
- **\<!-- \[\[DOCSTYLE=name]] -->**: Specify a template for the convertion to HTML or DOCX or theme in Beamer
- **\<!-- \[\[HEADER]] -->**: Add the option to add a custom header for the convertion to Beamer (the file should be in the same directory than the pandoc file)


*Note:* these hints are processed by the plugin and are NOT part of Pandoc itself.


## Templates ##

The Templates could be found in the "Styles" folder in the Pandoc plugin folder (in the package folder of Sublime Text).
The version comes with a standard html and docx template (from the Pandoc Render plugin) and with an APA guideline DOCX template.
